Summary of case study:

1. First, you did a fair bit of data handling and cleaning - cleaning junk records, adding missing values, changing data types, remove outliers, etc.
2. When you analysed the ratings using the histogram, you saw that they are skewed towards higher ratings.
3. Using a bar chart, you saw that most of the apps belong to the Everyone category.
4. You also observed a weak trend between the ratings and the size of the app, using a scatter-plot. You also briefly forayed to reg plots to understand its nuances.
5. Using a pair-plot, you were able to see multiple scatter plots and draw several inferences, for example, price and rating having very weak trend, 6. reviews and price being inversely related and so on.
7. After that, you utilised estimator functions along with bar plots as well as box plots to observe the spread of ratings across the different Content Rating Categories. Here, your main observation was that Everyone category has a lot of apps having very low ratings.
8. Finally, you created a heat map comparing the ratings across different Reviews and Content Rating buckets.

Libraries:

Matplotlib: import matplotlib.pyplot as plt: 
1. Matplotlib is a plotting library for the Python
2. It provides an object-oriented API for embedding plots into applications using general-purpose GUI toolkits like Tkinter, wxPython, Qt, or GTK. 
3. Matplotlib is a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python. Matplotlib makes easy things easy and hard things possible. Create publication quality plots. Make interactive figures that can zoom, pan, update.
4. Requires minimum amount of coding basic or usual work. Matplotlib with seaborn is good to use and quite handy, simlpe.

Seaborn: import seaborn as sns: 
1. Seaborn is a library for making statistical graphics in Python. It builds on top of matplotlib and integrates closely with pandas data structures. Seaborn helps you explore and understand your data.

Plotly: import plotly.express as px: 
Plotly is a Python library used for creating interactive visual charts. You can take a look at how you can use it to create aesthetic looking plots with a lot of user-friendly functionalities like hover, zoom, etc. 
Lot of coding, understanding of architecture, required tremendous amount of effort like getting data in right format to make simple plots.

Plotly is a Python library utilized for generating interactive visual charts. You can explore how to employ it to craft aesthetically pleasing plots with a range of user-friendly functionalities such as hover and zoom. However, creating complicated plots involves a substantial amount of coding, an understanding of the architecture, and considerable effort, such as ensuring the data is in the right format to produce simple plots.